okay this is my ongoing rep bike project
it's a 1977 Shovelhead FX s frame 100
cubic inch Revtech evolution style motor
and an Ultima 6 speed transmission
what makes this bike is unique is that
you're not supposed to be able to fit an
evolution style motor in a Shovelhead
frame the clearances are very tight but
never say never to me air cleaner is a
hubcap
up in 1935 Plymouth gas tanks are
original theft fat-bob gas tanks the
front end is a 1985 touring front end
the wheels are 1983 touring wheels front
fender is a Yamaha the fender light is
off a cab over truck
it's got a primo primary belt-drive
there is no shovel head oil tank old
ready saddlebags pan head seat that's
original
falling apart that's great pogo stick
seat still works very comfortable the
rear fender is actually a front fender
off a 1937 spray and of course I've got
the fishtail mufflers and it has the pet
rat that rides along with me now let's
see if four runs